
# Executive Summary
Include your executive summary here..

# Ethical and Legal Implications of Information Systems
## Code of Ethics
* Explain the purpose of a "code of ethics" and why the ACM created a code for the computing discipline. One method for navigating new ethical waters is a code of ethics. A code of ethics is a document that outlines a set of acceptable behaviors for a professional or social group; generally, it is agreed to by all members of the group. In the ACM’s code, you will find many straightforward ethical instructions, such as the admonition to be honest and trustworthy
* Explain the difference between a code of ethics and AUP (acceptable use policies.) Code of Ethics and Acceptable Use Policy Computing and Information Resources The ethical principles that apply to everyday community life also apply to computing. Every member of the OIT community has two basic rights, privacy and a fair share of resources
* Pick a site of your choice and read the AUP.  Select a policy of interest and report your findings (include a link to the site in your report.) 
 A well -protected DoD/Army network enables organizations to easily handle the increasing dependence on the Internet. For a DoD/Army organization to be successful, it needs to integrate information that is secure from all aspects of the organization.https://home.army.mil/gordon/application/files/2915/4938/7446/FG_AUP-07NOV18.pdf
## Intellectual Property
* From the chapter follow the link to the WIPO.  What is the purpose and importance of the WIPO? WIPO is the global forum for intellectual property (IP) services, policy, information and cooperation. We are a self-funding agency of the United Nations, with 193 member states
* Using links in the chapter explain how a copyright is obtained and the benefit of registering for a copyright with the US Copyright Office. Explain why it might be important to copyright the svg image you created. The United States has copyright relations with most countries throughout the world, and as a result of these agreements, we honor each other's citizens' copyrights. However, the United States does not have such copyright relationships with every country.Before you upload an image, make sure that the image falls in one of the four categories: 1. Own work: You own all rights to the image, usually meaning that you created it entirely yourself.
* If the svg image you created became an item that identifies a source of goods or services, explain the role of a trademark in defining the intellectual property. In doing this, you can benefit from the SVG format’s lossless scalability; an SVG background automatically adjusts to the viewport (i.e. the available display area of the device in use) without a decrease in quality. A trademark is a form of intellectual property, which appears in the form of some recognizable design, phrase, or expression that serves to identify products or services produced by one source, over those produced by another. Trademarks used to identify services, however, are more accurately called “service marks,” though the concept is the same.
 
## Information Collection
* Explain how COPPA, FERPA and HIPPA restrict the collection of information on the Internet. COPPA is to place parents in control over what information is collected from their young children online. Private and religious elementary and secondary schools are not subject to FERPA because they generally do not receive funding from ED. Covered entity,” which is a health plan, healthcare clearinghouse, or any healthcare provider who transmits health information in electronic form in connection with transactions for which the Secretary of HHS has adopted standards under HIPAA. 

# URLs and File Paths
* Match the following terms / definitions under the heading and explain how they are related by providing an example of all of the pieces of a URL: 
Terms: scheme, domain, top level domain, default page, parameters, anchor 
Definitions/examples: .edu, no file path provided, result of search, https, www.amazon.com, specific location on a page. 
Schemes include such devices as alliteration and assonance (that purposefully arrange sounds, as in The Leith police dismisseth us) and antithesis, chiasmus, climax, and anticlimax (that arrange words for effect, as in the cross-over phrasing One for all and all for one). A domain name takes the form of two main elements. For example, the domain name Facebook.com consists of the website’s name (Facebook) and the domain name extension (.com). When a company (or a person) purchases a domain name, they’re able to specify which server the domain name points to.   A top-level domain is one of the domains at the highest level in the hierarchical Domain Name System of the Internet after the root domain. The top-level domain names are installed in the root zone of the name space. For all domains in lower levels, it is the last part of the domain name, that is, the last non empty label of a fully qualified domain name. For example, in the domain name www.example.com., the top-level domain is com. Responsibility for management of most top-level domains is delegated to specific organizations by the Internet Governance Forum an Internet multi-stakeholder community, which operates the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, and is in charge of maintaining the DNS root zone. The results section is where you report the findings of your study based upon the methodology [or methodologies] you applied to gather information. The results section should state the findings of the research arranged in a logical sequence without bias or interpretation
* What is your understanding of difference between Absolute and Relative File Paths. What would you use in your website? Why?
An absolute path contains the full address of the file location to refer to a certain directory in the computer, whereas the current directory is taken as reference to locate another directory in case of a relative path. A relative path contains a partial address of the absolute path based on its relation with the directory to which it’s linked.
* Explain the purpose and use of file compression.
File compression is a data compression method in which the logical size of a file is reduced to save disk space for easier and faster transmission over a network or the Internet. It enables the creation of a version of one or more files with the same data at a size substantially smaller than the original file.
# Conclusion
Include your conclusion here...
The rapid changes in information technology in the past few decades have brought a broad array of new capabilities and powers to governments, organizations, and individuals alike. These new capabilities have required thoughtful analysis and the creation of new norms, regulations, and laws. In this chapter, we have seen how the areas of intellectual property and privacy have been affected by these new capabilities and how the regulatory environment has been changed to address them.
